# Vietnam Power Plants
 A list of power plants in Vietnam.

## Project
The repository is created as a personal project by Le Chi Thinh - a student at UIT (Univeristy of Information Technology). In the research project, we examine the current electricity supply distribution in Vietnam and proposes a more sustainable path forward. Initially, we planned to utilise existing power plant database and visualise the distribution emphasising on the policy analysis and recommendations. However, we soon realised that there are currently no complete database for power plants in Vietnam available. Therefore, the project shifted towards building a repository providing future researchers with a complete list of power plants in Vietnam as of August 2020.

## Data Source
* [WRI Global Power Plant Database](https://github.com/wri/global-power-plant-database): The database provides existing data from [Clean Development Mechanism](https://cdm.unfccc.int/Projects/projsearch.html), [Global Energy Observatory](https://github.com/hariharshankar/pygeo), and other energy databases. For more information, please see the [repository](https://github.com/wri/global-power-plant-database). WRI database is the skeleton of our project providing power plants information, including energy source, capacity, coordinates, and commissioning year, for those existed before 2016. In this repository, we refer data from this database as **WRI**.
* [Vietnam Market Report](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1OpRsipMjTXYX8xGMCO5_SD6OEJY2yvG6/view?usp=sharing): The 2018 market report lists all plants liscensed to operate on the market by the end of 2018 with capacities produced in the year. This list allows us to update the information in WRI database and add some plants that are not available in WRI. In this repository, we refer data from this database as **Market**.
* [Vietnam PDP Plan](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ok8kdqcs1RuVuAHBczTBldjPeRvaVujD/view?usp=sharing): PDP 7 outlines a master plan for power source development. That is, a list of power plants to be constructed between 2016 to 2030. The revised PDP7 document from June 2020 includes infromation on current and future power plant projects, forecasted year of construction completion and construction status. This list allows us to verify some of the information in the previous two sources and builds up a road map for Vietnam power sector up to 2030. In this repository, we refer data from this database as **PDP**.
